Update install instructions (#792)
DataDog/integrations-extras: php_apcu/README.md

### Installation

> If you are using Agent v6.8+ follow the instructions below to install the Ping check on your host. See the dedicated Agent guide for [installing community integrations][3] to install checks with the [Agent prior to version 6.8][4] or the [Docker Agent][5]:

Author: ```suggestion
If you are using Agent v6.8+ follow the instructions below to install the `php_apcu` check on your host. See the dedicated Agent guide for [installing community integrations][3] to install checks with the [Agent prior to version 6.8][4] or the [Docker Agent][5]:
```
